feat: add eslint plugin for react testing library 🔥 (#1014)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: packages/eslint-plugin-testing-library-react/docs/rules/prefer-expect-query-by.md

# Avoid using `expect(getBy*)` (prefer-expect-query-by)

> React (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions and therefore throwing an error will cause the test to stop.

Reviewer: That is not quite accurate. According to RTL doc (https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-async#waitforelement) error thrown by `getBy*` will cause `waitForElement` to keep waiting for element to appear, until timeout happens.

Usage of `getBy*` even have some advantages in scope of `waitForElement`. With `getBy*` we can wait for several elements in a single `waitForElement`, like this:

```
const [elementA, elementB] = await waitForElement(() => [getByText('elementA'), getByText('elementB')])```
```
, which is not possible with `queryBy`.

Author: Yes right, I'll clarify that point. Thanks for pointing that out 👌

> However, when trying to assert if an element is not in the document, we obviously can't use `getBy*`. Instead we should use `queryBy*`, which does not throw and therefore we can assert that `expect(queryByText("Foo")).not.toBeInTheDocument()`.

Reviewer 2: I would avoid words like "obviously" it can easily be perceived as "pointy" especially as this is Open Source.

"Instead it is recommended to use `getQueryBy*` to receive better error messages." or something.

## Rule details

> This rule triggers an error if `expect(getBy*)` is used.

Reviewer 2: I think error and warning can be configured.

```suggestion
This rule gives a notification whenever `expect(getBy*)` is used.
```

This rule is enabled by default.

### Default configuration

> The following patterns is considered error:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following patterns is considered erroneous:
```

```js
test('some test', () => {
  expect(getByText('Foo')).not.toBeInTheDocument();
});
```

> The following pattern is not considered error:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following pattern is considered non erroneous:
```

# Avoid using `expect(getBy*)` (prefer-expect-query-by)

> React (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Reviewer: ❤️
